---
title: Waiting for feedback
date: 2020-12-07
---

Sometimes, basically removing the enhancement, or disabling it, will fix it

So, I oftentimes will make a PR to this effect and say, "here is a fix, it
basically removes the enhancement, and fixes a bug. This is a bug users
definitely will definitely run into, so we should probably merge this and
release it so that they don't run into it". what I normally get in response to
this is crickets

I can guess at some reasons why my coworkers are avoiding this issue maybe. For
example

- they don't want to "duplicate work" by undoing the enhancement on the master
  branch (and later redoing it)

- they have pride in their feature and don't want to see it undone

- they are trying to be sensitive to the feelings of the person who originally
  developed the enhancement, and avoid undoing it

- they are not "satisfied" with the PR that removes the enhancement, and would
  rather see a fix to the enhancement

The reality though is there is often very little feedback on these PRs that I
make, so I just have to sit around with anxiety. There are currently at least 3
of these on my codebase from enhancements I did not make, but which I created
fixes for that basically rollback portions of these enhancements. Oftentimes
took me pretty deep debugging to even figure out that one weird enhancement had
such a weird knock on effect to create bug X and so with the silence from my
team, i feel unappreciated in addition to all this.

This is, perhaps, not really unique to my particular scenario. The feelings
that I get from this, anxiety and feeling unappreciated, can happen in many
other scenarios, exacerbated by remote work, pandemic, team culture, etc. I
hope to work to make things better somehow though
